Clarifies that path params exist on query object (#36321)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/router.md

The following is the definition of the `router` object returned by both [`useRouter`](#useRouter) and [`withRouter`](#withRouter):

- `pathname`: `String` - Current route. That is the path of the page in `/pages`, the configured `basePath` or `locale` is not included.

> - `query`: `Object` - The query string or [dynamic path](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md) parameters parsed to an object. It will be an empty object during prerendering if the page doesn't have [data fetching requirements](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/overview.md).

Author: ```suggestion
- `query`: `Object` - The query string or [dynamic path](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md) parameters parsed to an object. It will be an empty object during prerendering if the page doesn't have [data fetching requirements](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/overview.md). Defaults to `{}`
```

> - `query`: `Object` - The query string or [dynamic path](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md) parameters parsed to an object. It will be an empty object during prerendering if the page doesn't have [data fetching requirements](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/overview.md). Defaults to `{}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `query`: `Object` - The query string parsed to an object, including [dynamic route](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md) parameters. It will be an empty object during prerendering if the page doesn't have [data fetching requirements](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/overview.md). Defaults to `{}`
```
